yeah
yeah what's life in the ghetto
click-clack sounds in the middle time to
meet your maker let your pedal kids
please settle cause smell lost in the
woods like Hansel and Gretel stepping on
the pedal wine talking rose petal but
your girl wanna wrestle take her to the
room undressed smoking that pressure we
fuck on the dresser here this arrived
and I take my measures go go go we Cody
mix that together chase your dreams you
got loud got white got mograine in the
Trap House serving on the dope fiends
put a hole no clothes I sixteen and she
loved talking dirty with the brick clean
showing up at rain late just said link
with a bad yellow bitches looking pretty
tell me why the people mad at me cuz I'm
feeling beats only doing half the beat
in tragedy pass it back don't do the
math I do the rapper scooter crowd
filigree my team on dead women life I
could see it you ain't getting paid
cooking that have to be so little mama
put the hands on the knees took it to
the club I should made herself a couple
G's double D's bumblebees damn imma have
fun with these lost miles north side but
I've been crossed nine with the work in
the trunk and the flu on the side of
your girl on the split I'm a real like a
title to give me that net no time no
time I should give me that fire nigga
said it real bleep I don't really wanna
know why cloud for the job didn't get
her cuz I came high came hot name yeah
apply for the job didn't get hot cuz I
came huh your pop fly for the job didn't
get hot cuz I came high
your time for the job to be hard cuz we
gave up leave me alone this is not where
I belong light up the kitchen I'm gonna
stuck in my zone never talked on the
phone never talked on the phone every
dollar that a man came from the street
now I need a fat check from the industry
you want my neck cuz I'm gonna beat huh
figure the upper beat killer raised by
drug dealer smoke weed fuck hoes don't
need to go sit and get throw like a few
Picardy boys get cheese quicker shoot
threes like D Fisher don't put some why
cuz your man girl teens people laugh at
the game to the big pick in the crash in
the frame bitch with a ass in the brain
I thought you only knew the name when
the cash came shameful in the December
eyes Luke ain't nowhere buried a Bruce
Wayne Jeremy with two bad bitches 2
Chainz blue tank butane hash oil from
the Jeep in it your girl on the weekend
I've gotta sleep in still lead a pussy
word check his trash to master my father
I had a resemble and shell and then keep
my likes a villainous tracks niggas hate
because their grind suck dismiss until
later I'm faded sit at my fuckin corrupt
is the cap Rob just stuck in his trance
Chuck innocent bug to the clutch like we
run in the Clare
fucking with that silly we tried to trap
my muscle as tough as the black rice and
the luggage just cried try us like we
make a reckless fetches at the sketch in
tetris tack and cheesy the next one
action fries boo the veteran eggs held
Oh wide sweep easy the bees hella
legendary STIs people write and barely
breeze we presiding shit nigga
we rollin hell the trees where the light
they catch me slippin a stepping on me
scrolling the spliff in the ribs and my
cheese back flip on this next brush tip
get the cream cake
Tommy crushing niggas and I'm floating